alright I'm gonna go to the airport and
pick up uncle Seymour who's let his
dad's grand uncle he's got one leg
Seymour this is aa Airport wheelchair
and I'm actually gonna need it back
Oh someone needs it more than this guy
okay got a big one
another day another life the groom you
got a sec okay I hope everybody likes
the hotel giving a wedding at a quality
lunch toaster for slice the two diamonds
this bad boy is gonna light up the
dessert table
I never hit my children one of the good
things about not being there you said to
call the bills any problem the leak
spreading if the rest of the place book
[Music]
[Applause]
it's fine for a couple hours but not a
whole night what no it's good moderation
in moderation is fine we did you think
give $0.99 wedding and the booze bottles
to Giants let me bail us out at it every
father looks forward to making a wedding
for their little girl
I have been able to help my kids their
entire lives in this one
there's gotta be a decent hotel like a
boy I thought we talked about this - I
can handle it we get the call we can
cancel that oh yeah oh so like that I do
a little okay big smiles you guys get it
together okay yeah just give me one more
Drive
[Music]